supervisorctl: add `status` example (#10488)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/supervisorctl.md

> Supervisorctl is the command-line client piece of the supervisor which provides a shell-like interface.
> More information: <http://supervisord.org>.

> - Get all process status info:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Get status information of all processes:
```
Would this be better?

Author: Thanks for your comment! I am okay with either one. FYI, `Get all process status info` is from the origin help message of the command.
```
supervisorctl help status
status <name>           Get status for a single process
status <gname>:*        Get status for all processes in a group
status <name> <name>    Get status for multiple named processes
status                  Get all process status info
```

Reviewer: I think we can go with the latter even if it's different from the origin help page, as it would better fit with other descriptions.

> - Get status information of all processes:
> 
> `supervisorctl status`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Show the status of a process (or all processes if `process_name` is not specified):

`supervisorctl status {{process_name}}`
```

Author: My original intention is to list available processes with this command, so just 'supervisorctl status' serves the purpose and I prefer simplicity. But  you are free to make changes directly and I am okay with your suggestion. Thank you for your review.

Reviewer: > @kbdharun what do you think?

We could separate both examples fas pages can hold a maximum of 8 examples. But I think the current suggestion is fine so will apply it.
